What have we done?
The team has worked a lot on the design, look and feel of the web application. Although the overall theme throughout the web site is not the same, I have raised this, and we agreed we’ll work on that after the actual structure is complete.
The team has implemented assessment management, (add, remove, edit) and marks management (edit, add)

What still needs to be done?
It seemed like there was some confusion with the way that data would be passed through to web application, as well as the misunderstanding that they would communicate with web services. This lead the team to do most of their programming in JavaScript using Ajax to load data from the server. Although using Ajax does work, it was not ideal and does not support data handling as efficient as Django and Python do. Thus what has started to be done, and still needs to be completed is changing the handling and requesting of data from Ajax to Django.
The linking between the pages also has to be still fixed, as well as defining when to show certain options depending on the Person’s roles’.
Furthermore a lot of testing and code fixing has to be done, as the group has been coding blind apparently due to not using mock data and thus coding and never running the code prior to combining it together.
Parts that still need to be done, is the interface for setting up sessions, and markers to sessions. Statistics and viewing of reports, interfaces also still have to be set up to call and display the correct information.

Issues and challenges encountered
They had a lot of issues with getting any CSS and JavaScript to work when rendering a web page on the Django server. Although we got some pages working, there still seems to be a page or element every now and then just not conforming to the CSS.
Another error was the way in which data is being sent to the server. This raised a 403 rscf_token errors. Although there are a lot of fixes for form submission it still proved to be a bit tricky to get it working through out. Sending data with Ajax was also a token issue, but is now resolved.
Other challenges I am facing with the Web App team is their ability to find solutions to problems they pick up in Django. I have helped them in this, but it is using a lot of time, as well taking away opportunities they could benefit from. I do have too note however, that I feel if I don’t solve these more technical issues then they would spend a lot of time trying other ways that will also not work, because of they haven’t gone through the necessary documentation of how Django actually works. This they are busy gasping more now, so they I do believe it will become easier in the time to come.
Other issues are the functions they require from Business Logic and reporting. This will be addressed at the next group meeting.
